hi hi amira spartans and him a new home
sales strategist when conducting
seminars I share with my audience a true
story about a man named Nick Nick was a
strong healthy railroad yard man who was
consistently reliable on the job however
he was also a devout pessimist who
always seemed to fear the worst one
summer day the crews were let off early
in the railroad yard in recognition of a
Foreman's birthday is the workman left
Nick was accidentally locked into a
refrigerator by car that was in for
repairs and once the doors were locked
behind Nick's he began to panic and his
imagination ran wild and he was
convinced and he convinced himself that
he was locked in a freezing boxcar and
in his panic Nick banged with his fist
until they were bloody and he shouted
into his voice went hoarse you see what
happened was Nick in his imagination
fear reason that the temperature in the
car had to be near freezing and that if
he didn't get out he would freeze to
death
shivering uncontrollably he wrote a
final message to his wife on a cardboard
box at red I'm so called body's getting
numb if I could just go to sleep
these may be my last words and they were
as last words the next day the crew
opened the box car doors and found
Nick's body you know what an autopsy
actually revealed that his body had all
the signs of someone who froze to death
but this was puzzling because car's
refrigeration units were never really on
and they were completely inoperable the
temperature was around 61 degrees and
there was plenty of fresh air so what
killed Nick was not a freezing boxcar
what killed him was his perception of
reality that he was locked in a freezing
boxcar and his expectations that the
worst would happen and you know what the
worst did happen because you get what
you expect and it's tragic as the story
is it does illustrate that many people
allow their fears to actually become
self-fulfilling prophecies you know in
the Bible job is quoted is the thing
that I feared the most has come to pass
and how true that is with many of us an
acronym of fear is false evidence
appearing real
Nick believed the refrigerator box car
was operating that he would freeze to
death to Nick
this became as reality fear clouded his
judgment and immobilized him now let's
do it be honest everyone is afraid at
one time
another yeah those who have the courage
to face their fears will take action in
spite of their doubts in uncertainty
you see courage is not the lack of fear
courage is the control and mastery of
fear actor Glen Ford is quoted if you do
not do the thing you fear and the fear
controls your life you know you develop
courage when you force yourself to take
action in the face of fear so go after
that big sale try a different approach
in your cells stop taking no for an
answer stand up and try again
remember success is getting up one more
time than you fall the bottom line
recognize your fears but don't resign
yourself to them its Emerson wrote do
the thing you fear and the death of fear
is certain I'm Myers Barnes and I look
forward to sharing with you in our next
video together